+++
title = "Great Works (Spring 2022)"
date = 2022-01-24T15:39:41-05:00
math = false

+++

**Time**: Mondays 1:30pm - 2:20pm <br/>
**Location**: Gates 310 (Zoom link sent to PLDG mailing list) <br/>
**Organizers**: Priya Srikumar and Noam Zilberstein <br/>

---

This is a 1-credit seminar that meets every week to discuss classic papers in
programming languages adjacent fields.
Great works is a discussion-focused reading group. We expect participants to
read the papers and attend the seminar.

#### Reading Protocol
Presenters should work with the organizers to figure out which parts of the paper
they will focus on.
The confirmation for reading with any additional materials goes out a week before
on the PLDG mailing list:

      pldg-l@cornell.edu

To join, send a message to [pldg-l-request@cornell.edu][join-pldg] with the
subject "join" and a blank body.

#### Presenting Papers

The expectation is that people have read the papers.
The focus should be discussions and not a full presentation of all the topics
in the papers.
Aim for 25-30 minutes and try to weave in discussion questions throughout
your presentation.

#### Getting Papers

Paper titles are hyperlinked to PDFs available on the web. If a link is broken,
open an issue at [the Github repo for this
website](https://github.com/cornell-pl/pl.cs.cornell.edu/issues), or find
a working link and make a pull request.


| Date            | Topic       | Presenter(s) |
|-----------------|-------------|-----------|
| 01/24 | Organization and Paper Assignments | Priya & Noam |
| 01/31 | TBD | TBD |
| 02/07 | TBD | TBD |
| 02/14 | TBD | TBD |
| 02/21 | TBD | TBD |
| 02/28 | **Feb Break** |  |
| 03/07 | TBD | TBD |
| 03/14 | TBD | TBD |
| 03/21 | TBD | TBD |
| 03/28 | TBD | TBD |
| 04/04 | **Spring Break** | |
| 04/11 | TBD | TBD |
| 04/18 | TBD | TBD |
| 04/25 | TBD | TBD |
| 05/02 | TBD | TBD |
| 05/09 | TBD | TBD |


---

[Archive](../)

[join-pldg]: mailto:pldg-l-request@cornell.edu?subject=join
[zoom]: https://example.com/
[passkey]: https://www.library.cornell.edu/services/apps/passkey
