+++
title = "Programming Languages Discussion Group (Spring 2022)"
date = 2022-01-03
math = false
+++

**Time**: Wednesday 2:45pm - 4:00pm <br/>
**Location**: Hybrid: Gates 310 and [Zoom][] (requires Cornell NetID) <br/>
**Organizers**: Dexter Kozen and Adrian Sampson <br/>
**Czar**: Pedro Amorim and Mark Moeller

---

The Programming Languages Discussion Group meets weekly to discuss papers in the
area of programming languages, program analysis, and compilers. The goal is to
encourage interactions and discussions between students, researchers, and
faculty with interests in this area. The seminar is open to everybody interested
in languages and compilers. First-year and second-year students are especially encouraged to participate. 

Participating students should register for the 1-credit course CS 7190.


Talks will be advertised on the `pldg-l@cornell.edu` list. To join, send a
message to [pldg-l-request@cornell.edu][join-pldg] with the subject "join" and a
blank body.

PLDG will meet in person when possible, but meetings will still be broadcast
over [Zoom][]. Please discuss with the czars if you plan to present virtually.


| Date    | Topic       | Presenter | Host |
|---------|-------------|-----------|------|
| Jan 26 (_virtual_) | [Wire sorts: a language abstraction for safe hardware composition][wiresorts] | Griffin Berlstein |  |
| Feb 2 (_virtual_) | Incorrectness Logic and Kleene Algebra with Top and Tests | Cheng Zhang (BU) |  |
| Feb 9 | |  |  |
| Feb 16 | | Dietrich Geisler |  |
| Feb 23 | A formal foundation for symbolic evaluation with merging | Ryan Doenges |  |
| Mar 2 | | Noam Zilberstein |  |
| Mar 9 | | Jialu Bao |  |
| Mar 16 | | Karuna Grewal |  |
| Mar 23 | | Rachit Nigam |  |
| Mar 30 | |  |  |
| Apr 13 | |  |  |
| Apr 20 | |  |  |
| Apr 27 | |  |  |
| May 4 | |  |  |


[wiresorts]: https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/3453483.3454037

Some of the links above need institutional affiliation to access the papers.
Use [Cornell PassKey](https://www.library.cornell.edu/services/apps/passkey)
to access them.

[Archive](../)

[join-pldg]: mailto:pldg-l-request@cornell.edu?subject=join
[zoom]: https://cornell.zoom.us/j/231639869?pwd=UHNVcnY3ZXVydk5pcTRyQk5ncEhJZz09
